README.md, before:

# Mission Capstone Frontend

## Description

This project is the frontend for the Mission Capstone application, a web-based platform for visualizing and analyzing trade data. It provides a dashboard with various charts and data visualizations to help users understand trade trends and identify opportunities.

## GitHub Repository

The source code for this project is hosted on GitHub: [https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe](https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe)

## Environment Setup

To set up the development environment, you will need to have the following installed:

*   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or later)
*   [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## Project Setup

1.  Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe.git
    ```

2.  Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd mission-capstone-fe
    ```

3.  Install the dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4.  Start the development server:

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Deployment Plan

This project is set up to be deployed to a static hosting service such as Netlify, Vercel, or GitHub Pages.

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will create a `dist` directory with the production-ready files. You can then deploy the contents of this directory to your hosting service of choice.

Commit message:

Correct GitHub repository section in README
Updated GitHub repository section to include model repo.

README.md, after:

# Mission Capstone Frontend

## Description

This project is the frontend for the Mission Capstone application, a web-based platform for visualizing and analyzing trade data. It provides a dashboard with various charts and data visualizations to help users understand trade trends and identify opportunities.

## GitHub Repositories

The source code for this project is hosted on GitHub: [https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe](https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe)
The notebook related codes is in thie repo: [https://github.com/Ntwalii/mission-capstone-mode](https://github.com/Ntwalii/mission-capstone-model)

## Environment Setup

To set up the development environment, you will need to have the following installed:

*   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or later)
*   [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## Project Setup

1.  Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ntwalii/mission-capstone-fe.git
    ```

2.  Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd mission-capstone-fe
    ```

3.  Install the dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4.  Start the development server:

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Deployment Plan

This project is set up to be deployed to a static hosting service such as Netlify, Vercel, or GitHub Pages.

To build the project for production, run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will create a `dist` directory with the production-ready files. You can then deploy the contents of this directory to your hosting service of choice.
